then he brought me back to the outer
gate of the sanctuary which faces toward
the east but it was shot
and the Lord said to me this gate shall
be shut it shall not be opened and no
man shall enter by it because the Lord
God of Israel has entered bite therefore
it shall be shut as for the Prince
because he is the Prince he may sit in
it to eat bread before the Lord he shall
enter by way of the vestibule of the
Gateway and go out the same way also he
brought me by way of the north gate to
the front of the temple so I looked and
behold the glory of the Lord filled the
house of the Lord and I fell on my face
son of man mark well see with your eyes
and hear with your ears all that I say
to you concerning all the ordinances of
the house of the Lord and all its laws
mark well who may enter the house and
all who go out from the sanctuary now
say to the rebellious to the house of
Israel thus says the Lord God o house of
Israel let us have no more of all your
abominations when you brought in
foreigners uncircumcised in heart and
uncircumcised in flesh to be in my
sanctuary to defile it my house and when
you offered my food the fat and the
blood then they broke my covenant
because of all your abominations and you
have not kept charge of my holy things
but you have set others to keep charge
of my sanctuary for you
no foreigner uncircumcised in heart or
uncircumcised in flesh
shall enter my century including any
foreigner who is among the children of
Israel and the Levites who went far from
me when Israel went astray who strayed
away from me after their idols they
shall bear their iniquity yet they shall
be ministers in my century as
gatekeepers of the house and ministers
of the house they shall slay the burnt
offering and the sacrifice for the
people and they shall stand before them
to minister to them because they
ministered to them before their idols
and caused the house of Israel to fall
into iniquity therefore I have raised my
hand in an oath against them that they
shall bear their iniquity and they shall
not come near me to minister to me as
priests nor come near any of my holy
things nor into the most holy place but
they shall bear their shame and their
abominations which they have committed
nevertheless I will make them keep
charge of the temple for all its work
and for all that has to be done in it
but the priests the Levites the sons of
Zadok who kept charge of my sanctuary
when the children of Israel went astray
from me they shall come near me to
minister to me and they shall stand
before me to offer to me the fast
and the blood they shall enter my
sanctuary and they shall come near my
table to minister to me and they shall
keep my charge and it shall be whenever
they enter the gates of the inner court
that they shall put on linen garments no
wool shall come upon them while they
minister within the gates of the inner
court or within the house they shall
have linen turbans on their heads and
linen trousers on their bodies they
shall not clothe themselves with
anything that causes sweat when they go
out to the outer court to the outer
court to the people they shall take off
their garments in which they have
ministered leave them in the holy
chambers and put on other garments and
in their holy garments they shall not
sanctify the people they shall neither
shave their heads nor let their hair
grow long but they shall keep their hair
well trimmed no priest shall drink wine
when he enters the inner court they
shall not take his wife a widow or a
divorced woman but take virgins of the
descendents of the house of Israel or
widows of priests and they shall teach
my people the difference between the
holy and the unholy and caused them to
discern between the unclean and the
clean in controversy they shall stand as
judges and judge it according to my
judgments they shall keep my laws and my
statutes in all my appointed meetings
and they shall hallow my
sabbath's they shall not defile
themselves by coming near a dead person
only for father or mother for son or
daughter for brother or unmarried sister
may they defile themselves after he is
cleansed they shall count seven days for
him and on the day that he goes to the
sanctuary to minister in the century he
must offer his sin offering in the inner
court
it shall be in regard to their
inheritance that I am their inheritance
you shall give them no possession in
Israel for I and their position they
shall eat the grain offering the sin
offering and the trespass offering every
dedicated thing in Israel shall be
theirs the best of all firstfruits of
any kind and every sacrifice of any kind
from all your sacrifices shall be the
priests also you shall give to the
priests the first of your ground mean to
cause a blessing to rest on your house
the priests shall not eat anything bird
or beast that died naturally or was torn
by wild beasts
you